grafana dashboard improvement (#1254)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/appendix_metrics.adoc

* `OfflineLogDirectoryCount`: the offline log directory count metric indicate the number of log directories which are offline (due to an hardware failure for example) so that the broker cannot store incoming messages anymore.
This alert is raised when this value is greater than zero, providing the information of the number of offline log directories for each broker.

> * `RunningOutOfSpace`: the available volumes bytes metric gives the size of disk which can be used for writing Kafka's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `RunningOutOfSpace`: the running out of space metric indicates the remaining amount of disk space that can be used for writing Kafka's data.
```

> This alert is raised when this value is lower than 5GiB, providing the information of the disk running out of the space for each persistent volume claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alert is raised when this value is lower than 5GiB. It provides information on the disk that is running out of space for each persistent volume claim.
```

> Note: Availability of this metric (and alert) is dependent on your {ProductPlatformName}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The availability of this metric and alert is dependent on your version of {ProductPlatformName}.
```

This value goes up when the server receives more requests than it can process.
This alert is raised when this value is greate than 10 (ticks), providing the actual number of outstanding requests for each server.

> * `RunningOutOfSpace`: the available volumes bytes metric gives the size of disk which can be used for writing Zookeeper's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `RunningOutOfSpace`: the running out of space metric indicates the remaining amount of disk space that can be used for writing data to Zookeeper.
```

> This alert is raised when this value is lower than 5GiB, providing the information of the disk running out of the space for each persistent volume claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alert is raised when this value is lower than 5GiB. It provides information on the disk that is running out of space for each persistent volume claim.
```

> Note: Availability of this metric (and alert) is dependent on your {ProductPlatformName}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The availability of this metric and alert is dependent on your version of {ProductPlatformName}.
```
